# wp-lawyer-tailwind-theme

## Description

**wp-lawyer-tailwind-theme** is a lawyer's website theme built using Gutenberg blocks and the TailPress template. It provides a clean, professional design, fully customizable with the Gutenberg editor and utilizing Tailwind CSS for responsive styling.

## Features

- **Gutenberg Block Support**: Easily build and customize your lawyer's website using WordPress' Gutenberg block editor.
- **TailPress Integration**: Built on top of the TailPress template, integrating Tailwind CSS for modern, responsive design.
- **Responsive Design**: Optimized for various devices
- **Customization**: Tailwind's utility-first framework allows extensive customization without writing custom CSS.

## Requirements

- WordPress 5.6 or higher
- PHP 7.4 or higher

## Installation

1. **Download the theme** and upload it to the `/wp-content/themes/` directory.
2. **Activate the theme** through the 'Appearance > Themes' menu in WordPress.
3. **Customize the theme** using the Gutenberg editor and Tailwind CSS utility classes.

### Regular method

- Run `npm install`
- Run `npm run watch` to start developing

### General

You will find the editable CSS and Javascript files within the `/resources` folder.

Before you use your theme in production, make sure you run `npm run production`.

## NPM Scripts

There are several NPM scripts available. You'll find the full list in the `package.json` file under "scripts". A script is executed through the terminal by running `npm run script-name`.

| Script     | Description                                                                    |
| ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| production | Creates a production (minified) build of app.js, app.css and editor-style.css. |
| dev        | Creates a development build of app.js, app.css and editor-style.css.           |
| watch      | Runs several watch scripts concurrently.                                       |

## Tips

### Styling within the block editor

To make the editing experience within the block editor more in line with the front end styling, a `editor-style.css` is generated.

### CSS classes generated by TailPress

CSS classes for alignment (full, wide etc.) are generated automatically. You can opt-out on this by removing the plugin from the `tailwind.config.js` file.

### Customize colors

Several colors and font sizes are defined from the beginning. You can modify them in `theme.json`.

## License

This theme is licensed under the MIT License. Please see the [License File](/LICENSE) for more information.

## Contributors

- [Jeffrey van Rossum](https://github.com/jeffreyvr)
- [All contributors](https://github.com/jeffreyvr/tailpress/graphs/contributors)

## Contribution

We welcome contributions to improve this theme. Please feel free to submit pull requests and raise issues on GitHub.
